README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋<h2> I'm Tan</h2>

<img align='right' src="https://https://media.giphy.com/media/L3ESyQ5pFUlHxdrMwh/giphy.gif" width="230">

<h3> 👨🏻 About Me </h3>
<h4>Former student at <a href="https://www.sjsu.edu/">San Jose State University</a>, majoring in Computer Science. 
 I love programming because it’s helped me meet a lot of great people.
 😊</br>
</h4>
<p><b>Current Occupation: </b><em>Software Enginner at <a href="https://www.kitsap.gov/">Kitsap County</a>
</br>
 
<div style="display:flex; flex-direction:column">
   <a href=https://www.linkedin.com/in/duc-tan-hoang-97a70a195/> 
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0e76a8?style=plastic&logo=linkedIn"> 
   </a> 
   <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=tanhoang14&color=blue">
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/tanhoang14?label=follow&style=social"> 
<img align="center" alt="Coding" src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/fb/c6/f3/fbc6f31bd3b84159470b973aca7e0f97.gif">
</div>

<h3> 💻 Technologies I use</h3>

```javascript
const codingIsFun = {
   languages: [Javascript, Typescript, HTML, CSS, Python, Java, C#, C++],
   technologies: {
      frontEnd: {
         js: ["React","VueJS"],
         framework:["NextJs","Blazor"],
         css: ["SCSS", "TailWind", "Bootstrap", "Material UI", "Semantic UI", Styled Components]
      },
      backEnd: {
         c#:["ASP.NET, Unity"],
         java: ["Spring"],
         js: ["Node", "Express"],
      },
      databases: ["MongoDB","mySQL","MsSQL","OracleDB"],
      mobile: ["Android", "IOS"],
      other: ["Git/Github","Docker","Agile", "npm", "Figma","Adobe XD"]
   },
   challenge: "I'm working hard everyday to become a better developer.",
};
```
<h2>💻 Github stats</h2>


[![GitHub Streak](http://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=tanhoang14&theme=tokyonight&date_format=M%20j%5B%2C%20Y%5D)](https://git.io/streak-stats)
<p><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=tanhoang14&langs_count=10&theme=tokyonight&layout=compact" alt="AnhellO :: Top Langs" /></p>

<h2>😫 Leetcode stats</h2>

![LeetCode Stats](https://leetcode.card.workers.dev/tanhoang14?theme=dark&font=source_code_pro&extension=null)
---

> Thanks for visiting.  
> Run: `follow --user <tanhoang14>` to stay updated 💻
</p>

Commit message:

Add hobbies to README
Added hobbies section to the profile.

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋<h2> I'm Tan</h2>

<img align='right' src="https://https://media.giphy.com/media/L3ESyQ5pFUlHxdrMwh/giphy.gif" width="230">

<h3> 👨🏻 About Me </h3>
<h4>Former student at <a href="https://www.sjsu.edu/">San Jose State University</a>, majoring in Computer Science. 
 I love programming because it’s helped me meet a lot of great people.
 😊</br>
</h4>
<p><b>Current Occupation: </b><em>Software Enginner at <a href="https://www.kitsap.gov/">Kitsap County</a>
</br>
 
<div style="display:flex; flex-direction:column">
   <a href=https://www.linkedin.com/in/duc-tan-hoang-97a70a195/> 
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0e76a8?style=plastic&logo=linkedIn"> 
   </a> 
   <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=tanhoang14&color=blue">
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/tanhoang14?label=follow&style=social"> 
<img align="center" alt="Coding" src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/fb/c6/f3/fbc6f31bd3b84159470b973aca7e0f97.gif">
</div>

<h3> 💻 Technologies I use</h3>

```javascript
const codingIsFun = {
   languages: [Javascript, Typescript, HTML, CSS, Python, Java, C#, C++],
   technologies: {
      frontEnd: {
         js: ["React","VueJS"],
         framework:["NextJs","Blazor"],
         css: ["SCSS", "TailWind", "Bootstrap", "Material UI", "Semantic UI", Styled Components]
      },
      backEnd: {
         c#:["ASP.NET, Unity"],
         java: ["Spring"],
         js: ["Node", "Express"],
      },
      databases: ["MongoDB","mySQL","MsSQL","OracleDB"],
      mobile: ["Android", "IOS"],
      other: ["Git/Github","Docker","Agile", "npm", "Figma","Adobe XD"]
   },
    hobbies: "play games, listen to musics, and watch movies",
   challenge: "I'm working hard everyday to become a better developer.",
};
```
<h2>💻 Github stats</h2>


[![GitHub Streak](http://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=tanhoang14&theme=tokyonight&date_format=M%20j%5B%2C%20Y%5D)](https://git.io/streak-stats)
<p><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=tanhoang14&langs_count=10&theme=tokyonight&layout=compact" alt="AnhellO :: Top Langs" /></p>

<h2>😫 Leetcode stats</h2>

![LeetCode Stats](https://leetcode.card.workers.dev/tanhoang14?theme=dark&font=source_code_pro&extension=null)
---

> Thanks for visiting.  
> Run: `follow --user <tanhoang14>` to stay updated 💻
</p>
